Exercise 1 - DASH

Task 1
1.
3 different video quality levels are provided.
2.
The highest quality levels is 1280*720 (width*height in pixels), and the lowest is 640*350.
The frame rate is the same at 30 frames per second for all levels.
3.
The different quality levels is to adapt to variable network bandwidth,
so that the player can choose the highest quality level available
that fits and exploits the current bandwidth.
For example, when the Internet is at high bandwidth, the player would retrieve at high quality level,
so the user can have high-quality video;
when a decrese in bandwidth is experienced, the player would retrieve lower quality level instead,
to ensure that the video is still being streamed smoothly without lags.

Task 2
1.
https://nustreaming.github.io/streaming/segment_bbb_7201.m4s
2.
m4s
3.
8 seconds.
4.
Advantage:
There will be less overhead incured.
Since the segments are sent over TCP, each segment will incur some overhead due to TCP header.
With longer segment duration, there are fewer segments and thus less total overhead incured.
Disadvantage:
With longer segment duration, there is higher latency to load each segment.
This may results in worse performance when users keep seeking forward or backward.
It will be more costly to retransmit segments lost as well.

Exercise 2 - WebRTC

Task 2
1.
For DASH, it is sending the video using multiple segments/streamlets,
so the browser's network log updates when a new segment is received.
For WebRTC, it is using a single connection via websocket.
The video segment responses are received by the websocket,
so the browser does not capture additional traffic in the logs.
2.
DASH uses TCP. WebRTC uses UDP.
3.
DASH and WebRTC use different protocols.
1) DASH uses TCP instead of UDP, because TCP is less likely to be blocked by firewalls as compared to UDP.
2) WebRTC uses UDP instead of TCP, because it has less overhead and thus can provide lower end-to-end latency needed for interactiveness.
4.
1) WebRTC emphasizes more on two-way interactiveness.
Hence it is more suitable for live video calls/conferencing as compared to DASH.
DASH is more suitable for streaming stored videos since it supports web caching.
2) For live streaming, WebRTC is more suitable for uploading content to server due to its low latency;
while DASH is more suitable for distributing content to the clients due to its adaptiveness.
